Improve EDOT-in-Elastic-Agent discoverability on OTel/APM pages (#7021)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/apm/opentelemetry/index.md

* Elastic can’t provide implementation support on how to use contrib OpenTelemetry tools.
* You won’t have access to Elastic enterprise APM features.
* You might experience problems with performance efficiency.

> * Data ingested through a contrib Collector won’t trigger automatic installation of OpenTelemetry content-pack assets, such as dashboards. Only data ingested through the EDOT Collector or {{agent}} does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Data ingested through a contrib Collector won't trigger automatic installation of OpenTelemetry content-pack assets, such as dashboards. Only data ingested through the EDOT Collector or {{agent}} does.
```
